CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    My program will be called 'Glasses Price Calculator and Patient Database'

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    At my job I am constantly quoting patients for the total price of their glasses.
    This program will let me enter the price of the frames, and the type of lenses that
    the patient has chosen. It will then calculate the total cost. I will also have a list
    or dictionary of pantients. Using this I will be able to search and see if it has been 
    over 2 years since their last purchse and if it has, I will add on a 5% discount
    (still playing with the discount numbers) and if they do not appear in the list/dictionary
    then they will get a 10% weclome discount.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    I am hoping to learn about how to make multiple types of functions that we learned this 
    year work together in the same program and also to see what it takes to bring a program to
    life from the ground up.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
    If I have thought of everything correctly, I will be using csv and datetime

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    Yes, I plan to seperate my functions down into as simple of functions as
    I can to make sure my program runs as smoothly as possible and is as easy
    as possible to debug if I run into any problems along the way.

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

    I have every intention of writting two test functions. But I think this
    is what makes me the most nervous about the whole thing.

